#summary Frequently Asked Questions
<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />

== What is it? ==
This tool makes it possible to install additional certificates on Nokia S40 phones that make it possible to run signed (by a CA of your choice) MIDlet suites in the trusted third party security domain. By default only a limited number of CAs are included in the phone. The included CAs all require (yearly) payments (around $200 a year) to obtain a signing certificate.

== Why did you create this? ==
I was interested in analyzing the security of the Nokia S40 platform as part of writing my thesis.

== Is this legal? ==
Well, IANAL, but as far as I know when you buy a phone it becomes your
property and you can do whatever you want with it. I'm not sure this holds
when you take the DMCA into consideration.

== What platforms are supported? ==
Basically everything that supports Java. We tested this on Windows (32 bit),
Mac OS X 10.6 and Linux (Ubuntu and Fedora, 32 and 64 bit).

== Is there a command line version? ==
Yes, there is. Run the class `net.tuxed.nokicert.NokiCertMain`.

== What are the requirements? ==
You need to have a Bluetooth adapter supported by your operating system.

== What phones are supported? ==
I would say most Nokia S40 phones (both using little endian and big endian
CPUs) should be supported. See SupportedPhones for an up to date list of 
phones.
 
== I installed a certificate but it is not added to the list or the phone says it is broken, what's up? ==
Some (older) phones do not support certificates with a modulus > 1024 bits.
Try to install a certificate with a smaller modulus (i.e. 1024 bits) and see
if that works.

== Does this application support the Symbian/S60 platform? ==
I don't know, I don't have access to such a device.

== I get Java back traces on Linux, what is up? ==
The BlueCove library is packaged a bit strange. It requires `libbluetooth.so`
which usually only part of the development package of the Bluetooth library
(package `libbluetooth-dev` on Debian/Ubuntu). Installing this will make it work.

== Something went terribly wrong, your program ate my cat! ==
As the GPL license states, you used this program without any warranty!

== I'm running on Windows 64 bit and it doesn't work?! ==
The Bluecove library from the project does not support 64 bit Windows (yet),
thus you will have to install the 32 bit Java environment and modify the
NokiCert.cmd file to point to `C:\Program Files (x86)\Java\Jre6\bin\java`
instead of just `java` as the 32 bit Java is not available in the `PATH` on
a 64 bit system.

Or, if you are bold, recompile Bluecove on your 64 bit Windows to make it
work with that.